Buy it for your girlfriend?
Which one is better?
Here you go.
This is thin and breathable.
Are you satisfied with buying this for your girlfriend's bag?
Payment
Last year's information was all on the 60th.
The boss took another cake.
The door's unlocked.
Yes, you bought the cake.
It's my birthday.
Can I have some?
What a coincidence.
Happy birthday.
Thank you.
Can this burn hot water?
What?
Worried about me, I'm worried you didn't take me to find Mrs. Chicken.
I won't regret it.
Let's rest today, we'll go tomorrow.
Okay.
Then you drink plenty of hot water.
Cakes are easy to buy.
There are no birthday candles.
This little program can blow out candles and wishes
Host, what are you laughing at?
Little That
I don't understand, brother.